otelgin: Using `c.FullPath()` to set `http.route` attribute (#5734)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- The superfluous `response.WriteHeader` call in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when the response writer is flushed. (#5634)
- Custom attributes targeting metrics recorded by the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` are not ignored anymore. (#5129)

> - Using `c.FullPath()` to set `http.route` attribute in [`otelgin`](go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `c.FullPath()` method to set `http.route` attribute in zgo.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin`. (#5734)
```

> - Using `c.FullPath()` to set `http.route` attribute in [`otelgin`](https://github.com/NeoCN/opentelemetry-go-contrib/blob/main_backup/go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `c.FullPath()` method to set `http.route` attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin`. (#5734)
```
